[Marketplace Contribution] Recorded Future Attack Surface Intelligence - Content Pack Update (#30474)
demisto/content: Packs/RecordedFutureASI/ReleaseNotes/2_1_0.md

#### Integrations

##### Recorded Future Attack Surface Intelligence

> - Added support for credential parameters with backwards compatibility
> - Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.78960*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the *Project ID* and *API key*  integration parameters to support credentials fetching object.
- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/python3:3.10.13.78960*.
```
